:Genesis:gn:The Book of Genesis
:Exodus:ex:The Book of Exodus
:Leviticus:lv:The Book of Leviticus
:Numbers:nm:The Book of Numbers
:Deuteronomy:dt:The Book of Deuteronomy
:Josue:joshua:jos:The Book of Josue
:Judges:jgs:The Book of Judges
:Ruth:ru:The Book of Ruth
:1 Kings:1 Samuel:1sm:1 sm:The First Book of Samuel (The First Book of Kings)
:2 Kings:2 Samuel:2sm:2 sm:The Second Book of Samuel (The Second Book of Kings)
:3 Kings:1kgs:1 kgs:3kgs:3 kgs:The Third (First) Book of Kings
:4 Kings:2kgs:2 kgs:4kgs:4 kgs:The Fourth (Second) Book of Kings
:1 Paralipomenon:1 Chronicles:1chr:1 chr:The First Book of Paralipomenon
:2 Paralipomenon:2 Chronicles:2chr:2 chr:The Second Book of Paralipomenon
:1 Esdras:Ezra:ezr:The Book of Ezra (The First Book of Esdras)
:2 Esdras:Nehemiah:neh:The Book of Nehemias (The Second Book of Esdras)
:Tobias:Tobit:tb:The Book of Tobias
:Judith:jdt:The Book of Judith
:Esther:est:The Book of Esther
:1 Machabees:1 Maccabees:1mc:The First Book of Machabees
:2 Machabees:2 Maccabees:2mc:The Second Book of Machabees
:Job:jb:The Book of Job
p:Psalms:ps:The Book of Psalms
:Proverbs:prv:The Book of Proverbs
:Ecclesiastes:eccl:Ecclesiastes
:Canticle of Canticles:Song of Songs:sg:Solomon's Canticle of Canticles
:Wisdom:wis:The Book of Wisdom
:Ecclesiasticus:Ben Sira:Sirach:sir:The Wisdom of Sirach (Ecclesiasticus)
:Isaias:Isaiah:is:The Prophecy of Isaias
:Jeremias:Jeremiah:jer:The Prophecy of Jeremias
:Lamentations:lam:The Lamentations of Jeremias
:Baruch:bar:The Prophecy of Baruch
:Ezechiel:Ezekiel:ez:The Prophecy of Ezechiel
:Daniel:dn:The Prophecy of Daniel
:Osee:Hosea:hos:The Prophecy of Osee
:Joel:jl:The Prophecy of Joel
:Amos:am:The Prophecy of Amos
sc:Abdias:Obadiah:ob:The Prophecy of Abdias
:Jonas:Jonah:jon:The Prophecy of Jonas
:Micheas:Micah:mi:The Prophecy of Micheas
:Nahum:na:The Prophecy of Nahum
:Habacuc:Habakkuk:hb:The Prophecy of Habacuc
:Sophonias:Zephaniah:zep:The Prophecy of Sophonias
:Aggeus:Haggai:hg:The Prophecy of Aggeus
:Zacharias:Zechariah:zec:The Prophecy of Zacharias
:Malachias:Malachi:mal:The Prophecy of Malachias
g:Matthew:mt:The Holy Gospel of Jesus Christ according to St. Matthew
g:Mark:mk:The Holy Gospel of Jesus Christ according to St. Mark
g:Luke:lk:The Holy Gospel of Jesus Christ according to St. Luke
g:John:jn:The Holy Gospel of Jesus Christ according to St. John
g:Acts:The Acts of the Apostles
:Romans:rom:The Epistle of St. Paul the Apostle to the Romans
:1 Corinthians:1cor:1 cor:The First Epistle of St. Paul to the Corinthians
:2 Corinthians:2cor:2 cor:The Second Epistle of St. Paul to the Corinthians
:Galatians:gal:The Epistle of St. Paul to the Galatians
:Ephesians:eph:The Epistle of St. Paul to the Ephesians
:Philippians:phil:The Epistle of St. Paul to the Philippians
:Colossians:col:The Epistle of St. Paul to the Colossians
:1 Thessalonians:1thes:1 thes:The First Epistle of St. Paul to the Thessalonians
:2 Thessalonians:2thes:2 thes:The Second Epistle of St. Paul to the Thessalonians
:1 Timothy:1tm:1 tm:The First Epistle of St. Paul to Timothy
:2 Timothy:2tm:2 tm:The Second Epistle of St. Paul to Timothy
:Titus:ti:The Epistle of St. Paul to Titus
:Philemon:phlm:The Epistle of St. Paul to Philemon
:Hebrews:heb:The Epistle of St. Paul to the Hebrews
:James:jas:The Catholic Epistle of St. James the Apostle
:1 Peter:1pt:1 pt:The First Epistle of St. Peter the Apostle
:2 Peter:2pt:2 pt:The Second Epistle of St. Peter the Apostle
:1 John:1jn:1 jn:The First Epistle of St. John the Apostle
:2 John:2jn:2 jn:The Second Epistle of St. John the Apostle
:3 John:3jn:3 jn:The Third Epistle of St. John the Apostle
sc:Jude:The Catholic Epistle of St. Jude the Apostle
:Apocalypse:Revelation:rev:The Apocalypse of St. John the Apostle
